Added Config Note on EntitySynonymMapper (#6186)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/nlu/components.rst

        pipeline:
        - name: "EntitySynonymMapper"

    .. note::

>         When using the EntitySynonymMapper as part of an NLU pipeline, it will need to be placed below the Entity Extractor in the configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

        When using the ``EntitySynonymMapper`` as part of an NLU pipeline, it will need to be placed
        below any entity extractors in the configuration file.
```
